README.md, before:

# SoftwareInc-mod-real-names-for-everything

This is a mod for the game [Software Inc.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/362620/Software_Inc/)

## What does it do?

This mod aims to replace the names of the following categories with real name equivalent:
- 2D Editor
- 3D Editor
- Antivirus
- Audio tool
- Game
- Office Software
- Operating Systems:
    - Computer
    - Phone
    - Console
- Company
- Contracts Company
- Digital Distribution Platforms

## Considerations with companies names

In the base game, there is only one name generator for all companies, meaning the same pool of names is used for every type of companies. To represent real companies and mimic their real-life activities as best as possible (e.g., Nintendo should always create consoles), I created six company names lists:

1. Phone OS Company Names
2. Console OS Company Names
3. Game Company Names
4. Antivirus Company Names
5. Computer OS Company
6. Office Software Company, and Creative Tools Company (Audio tool, 2D Editor, and 3D Editor) Names.

Also, each game category is filled only with games that match the game type (e.g., StarCraft is always an RTS).

## Compromises and restrictions of the mod

Due to the original design of the base game's randomness, the following compromises and restrictions apply to this mod:

- It is not possible to link a company to the software names it produces (e.g., it's not feasible to enforce that Nintendo will create the GameCube, and not the PlayStation Vita).

- Linking a company to a specific logo is not possible, or if it is, it exceeds my current understanding.

- To avoid using the same company name for two different entities (e.g., a Nintendo company as a Console OS company and another as a Game company), I had to make some concessions and select only one company list for certain companies. This means Nintendo will always be a Console OS company and will never be a Game company.

- Some major companies use subsidiaries for different markets, so in certain instances, I treated them as separate entities (e.g., Microsoft and Microsoft Mobile are two distinct companies in this mod).

- The Office Software Company, and Creative Tools Company are still merged because separating them into separate lists would lead to insufficient names for each category. This means that Spotify might create Office Softwares in your playhtrough. If I find a more elegant solution I will update the mod.

- I added some companies that aren't explicitly renowned for Office Software or Creative Tools but are too significant in tech and software development to not be included somewhere in the names lists. Welcome to a nightmarish multiverse where SAP could lead the development of audio tools.

- I did not alter the number of company generators or the number of software titles developed per company from the base game. As a result, the game does not use all the names in the lists for every playthrough; it will only select names when creating a software title or a company.

- To reduce my cognitive dissonance, some products that include the name of their parent company have been modified (e.g., "Adobe Photoshop" is simply "Photoshop", as it would be weird to have Microsoft create "Adobe Photoshop" when a company named "Adobe" already exists in the same playthrough).

- Additionally, when a product shares its name with its parent company (looking at you, antivirus companies), I want to avoid having products of that namesake company created by another entity. To achieve this, I removed certain company names from some lists (e.g., Norton as an antivirus exists but is not listed as a company).

Commit message:

Added Nintendo Entertainement + readme update

README.md, after:

# SoftwareInc-mod-real-names-for-everything

This is a mod for the game [Software Inc.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/362620/Software_Inc/)

## What does it do?

This mod aims to replace the names of the following categories with real name equivalent:
- 2D Editor
- 3D Editor
- Antivirus
- Audio tool
- Game
- Office Software
- Operating Systems:
    - Computer
    - Phone
    - Console
- Company
- Contracts Company
- Digital Distribution Platforms

## Considerations with companies names

In the base game, there is only one name generator for all companies, meaning the same pool of names is used for every type of companies. To represent real companies and mimic their real-life activities as best as possible (e.g., Nintendo should always create consoles), I created six company names lists:

1. Phone OS Company Names
2. Console OS Company Names
3. Game Company Names
4. Antivirus Company Names
5. Computer OS Company
6. Office Software Company, and Creative Tools Company (Audio tool, 2D Editor, and 3D Editor) Names.

Also, each game category is filled only with games that match the game type (e.g., StarCraft is always an RTS).

## Compromises and restrictions of the mod

Due to the original design of the base game's randomness, the following compromises and restrictions apply to this mod:

- It is not possible to link a company to the software names it produces (e.g., it's not feasible to enforce that Nintendo will create the GameCube, and not the PlayStation Vita).

- Linking a company to a specific logo is not possible, or if it is, it exceeds my current understanding.

- To avoid using the same company name for two different entities (e.g., a company name as an OS developper and the same company name as an Office Software company), I had to make some concessions by including the company name in only one list, usually the one they are most famous for.

- Some major companies use subsidiaries for different markets, so in certain instances, I treated them as separate entities (e.g., Microsoft and Microsoft Mobile are two distinct companies in this mod).

- The Office Software Company, and Creative Tools Company are still merged because separating them into separate lists would lead to insufficient names for each category. This means that Spotify might create Office Softwares in your playhtrough. If I find a more elegant solution I will update the mod.

- I added some companies that aren't explicitly renowned for Office Software or Creative Tools but are too significant in tech and software development to not be included somewhere in the names lists. Welcome to a nightmarish multiverse where SAP could lead the development of audio tools.

- I did not alter the number of company generators or the number of software titles developed per company from the base game. As a result, the game does not use all the names in the lists for every playthrough; it will only select names when creating a software title or a company.

- To reduce my cognitive dissonance, some products that include the name of their parent company have been modified (e.g., "Adobe Photoshop" is simply "Photoshop", as it would be weird to have Microsoft create "Adobe Photoshop" when a company named "Adobe" already exists in the same playthrough).

- Additionally, when a product shares its name with its parent company (looking at you, antivirus companies), I want to avoid having products of that namesake company created by another entity. To achieve this, I removed certain company names from some lists (e.g., Norton as an antivirus exists but is not listed as a company).
